Proposal of new docs after WAF fixes (#778)
tigera/docs: calico-enterprise/threat/web-application-firewall.mdx

#### Change WAF rules

> By default, the WAF OWASP Core Rule set is configured to log all matched rules and block offending requestis using Anomaly Scoring Mode. However, if you want traffic for the service to not be blocked and only logged,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the WAF OWASP Core Rule set is configured to log all matched rules and block offending request is using Anomaly Scoring Mode. However, if you want traffic for the service to not be blocked and only logged,
```

Reviewer: Fixed in /main.

you must edit the modsecurity rules. 

#### Allow traffic

For example, if you want to allow traffic, do the following steps:

> 1. Change the disruptive action, on file `RESPONSE-999-EXCLUSION-RULES-AFTER-CRS.conf.example` section `'Changing the Disruptive Action for Anomaly Mode'`.

Reviewer 2: This step is unclear.

Reviewer 3: I think this should be 'Anomaly scores could result in Disruptive action. To change the disruption action, see the file `RESPONSE-999-EXCLUSION-RULES-AFTER-CRS.conf.example` section `'Changing the Disruptive Action for Anomaly Mode'`'

Append the lines

```
SecRuleUpdateActionById 949110 "t:none,pass"
SecRuleUpdateActionById 959100 "t:none,pass"
```

2. Rename the file to remove `.example` suffix:

```bash
mv RESPONSE-999-EXCLUSION-RULES-AFTER-CRS.conf.example RESPONSE-999-EXCLUSION-RULES-AFTER-CRS.conf
```

3. Run these commands:

```bash
  kubectl create cm --dry-run=client --from-file=. -o yaml -n tigera-operator modsecurity-ruleset > ../my-ruleset.yaml
  kubectl replace -f ../my-ruleset.yaml
```

> Note that switching to pass means the request is now processed and the 403 forbidden error is gone even if a rule is triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that switching to pass means the request is now processed and the 403 forbidden error is gone, even if a rule is triggered.
```

#### Add or edit the rule set

1. Create a directory, and download the core rules set files for customization.

```bash
mkdir my-ruleset && cd my-ruleset
curl -L https://github.com/coreruleset/coreruleset/archive/refs/heads/v3.4/dev.zip -o crs.zip
unzip -j crs.zip 'coreruleset-3.4-dev/rules/*'
rm crs.zip
```

2. Download bootstrap files.

>   Download the following required bootstrapping configuration files [Reference](https://medium.com/lightbaseio/web-application-firewall-in-go-feat-owasp-modsecurity-core-rule-set-3f97a26e3311) that are used by Tigera operator:

Reviewer 2: Download the following required bootstrapping configuration files from this [site]( https://medium.com/lightbaseio/web-application-firewall-in-go-feat-owasp-modsecurity-core-rule-set-3f97a26e3311). These files are used by Tigera operator.

curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/coreruleset/coreruleset/v3.3/dev/crs-setup.conf.example > crs-setup.conf
```

> 3. Do your customized settings on the default files, probably on the `.example` files and after renaming, like previously on this doc.

Reviewer 2: Do your customized settings on the default files, probably on the `.example` files after renaming (refer to the earlier step).

Reviewer 3: "If you wish to customize settings on default included rules, please see .example files for guidance. You must save these files without the .example extension if you wish for these changes to take effect."

> 3. If you wish to customize settings on default included rules, see `.example` files for guidance. You must save these files without the .example extension if you wish for these changes to take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To customize default core rules, see the `.example` files for guidance.  For changes to take effect, ensure that you save the file without the .example extension.
```

> 3. If you wish to customize settings on default included rules, please see `.example` files for guidance. You must save these files without the .example extension if you wish for these changes to take effect.

Reviewer 2: If you wish to customize settings on default included rules, see `.example` files for guidance.

> 4. Still at the my-ruleset folder where your core rules set files live. Create a configMap containing all the files downloaded into your new directory and replace the existing rule set with it:

Reviewer 2: Go to `my-ruleset` folder where your core rules set files are located, create a ConfigMap containing all the files downloaded into your new directory and replace the existing rule set with it.

Reviewer 2: Or, we can say? Go to the `my-ruleset` folder

> 4. Go to my-ruleset folder where your core rules set files are located, create a ConfigMap containing all the files downloaded into your new directory and replace the existing rule set with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Go to the `my-ruleset` folder where your core rules set files are located, create a ConfigMap containing all the files downloaded into your new directory, and replace the existing rule set with it.
```
